1Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.CHINA NEW ECONOMY FUND LIMITEDʕ਷อ຾᏶ҳ༟Ϟࠢʮ̡
(an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)(Stock Code: 80)
Resignation and Appointment ofIndependent Non-executive Directors
The Board announces that with effect from 22 October 2014:–(1) Mr. Siu Kam Chau has resigned as an independent non-executive director, chairmen of the audit committee and the remuneration committee as well as member of the nomination committee of the Company; and(2) Mr. Lam Chun Ho has been appointed as an independent non-executive director, chairmen of the audit committee and the remuneration committee as well as member of the nomination committee of the Company.RESIGNATION OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORThe board of directors (the “Board”) of China New Economy Fund Limited (the “Company”) announces that Mr. Siu Kam Chau (“Mr. Siu”) has resigned as an independent non-executive director, the chairmen of the audit committee and the remuneration committee as well as member of the nomination committee of the Company with effect from 22 October 2014 due to pursuance of his own business.Mr. Siu has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there is no matter in relation to his resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company.The Board would like to express its gratitude to Mr. Siu for his valuable efforts and contributions to the Company during his tenure of office.APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORFollowing the resignation of Mr. Siu as an independent non-executive director of the Company, the Board is pleased to announce that Mr. Lam Chun Ho (“Mr. Lam”) has been appointed as an independent non-executive director, the chairmen of the audit committee and the remuneration committee as well as the member of the nomination committee of the Company with effect from 22 October 2014.