Those who came before us made certain that this country rode the first waves of the i ndustrial revolution, 
the first waves of modern invention, and the first wave of nuclear power, 
and this generation does not intend to founder in the backwash of the coming age of space. 
We mean to be a part of it--we mean to lead it. For the eyes of the world now loo k into space, 
to the moon and to the planets beyond, and we have vowed that we shall no t see it governed by a hostile flag of conquest, 
but by a banner of freedom and peace. 
We have vowed that we shall not see space filled with weapons of mass destruction, 
but with instruments of knowledge and understanding.
Yet the vows of this Nation can only be fulfilled if we in this Nation are first, 
and, therefore, we intend to be first. In short, our leadership in science and industry, our hopes fo r peace and security, our obligations to ourselves as well as others, all require us to make this effort, 
to solve these mysteries, to solve them for the good of all men, 
and to become the world's leading space-faring nation.
We set sail on this new sea because there is new knowledge to be gained, 
and new ri ghts to be won, and they must be won and used for the progress of all people. For space science, like nuclear science and all technology, has no conscience of its own. Whether it will become a force for good or ill depends on man, 
and only if the United States occupie s a position of pre-eminence can we help decide whether this new ocean will be a sea of peace or a new terrifying theater of war. I do not say that we should or will go unprotect ed against the hostile misuse of space any more than we go unprotected against the hostile use of land or sea, but I do say that space can be explored and mastered without feeding the fires of war, without repeating the mistakes that man has made in extending his writ around this globe of ours.
There is no strife, no prejudice, no national conflict in outer space as yet. Its hazards are hostile to us all. 
Its conquest deserves the best of all mankind, 
and its opportunity for peaceful cooperation many never come again. 
But why, some say, the moon? Why choose this as our goal? 
And they may well ask why climb the highest mountain? Why, 35 years ago, 
fly the Atlantic? 
Why does Rice play Texas?
